is employment status related to contracts and hence should be dirived from live contracts?

... add the questions I sent neil in email

I am assuming person is on only one live contract at a time?

lots of non-tio projects have sae start date within a client, so if client has more than 1 contract then each one starts
on same day eg esf tracking and lots are missing start day eg Mir - what should I do?
as I am group contract on start day lots have clients have multiple contracts os same type - how should I handle this?
for contract no tion I am grouping on nid, contract type and start date, so as long as these are filled in the contract willl come across - okay?
i they were on tio stopped and came back then mig sees it as one session - okay?
if they dont sort out stat dates then searching and ordering will be a bit screwy - see contract type searching

do we need helper.inc:3660 (find it in drupal code)?

in sql to gen contracts file I exclde 'Closed' entries as I assume we want the one before it?
If I didnt then say we have AA and it gets closed, then we would have a contract of type Closed in the new
system and we wouldnt know it was AA, only issue would be if the closed dates did not match the closed dates of the AA version
- if neil wants then I can parese ech version and set closed to be the prior to it?

as status for non tio contracts is driven of info man accepting into the contract for via the main details it means we
dont have a rec, so what I migrate is a bit iffy same for mod and created dates

currenlty I am using versions in md to hanlde non tio contracts. When I migrate across I will only hae latest profile filed
set in main details do I need it as it was in each contract? if so need to move this field to contract, same for stage and clientGroup etc
see understanding_old_contracts.txt

actpart does not appear t e used so I will not migrate it

in code to get tio list see understanding_old_contracts.txt, not sure that content_type_client_partner_dev is needed - is it?

is sec client group etc to be stored in contracts?

how does currently tie in to contracts ie can I derive from contracts or does it need to be part of client details

what is end date for main details?

how is employment hours in md screen worked out?

I am just bringin across the current job coach associated with md, is there a need for historical?

Do I use versions in md in reports currently and if so do we need in new system?
    I am not planning version in md, ...

DO WE NEED CHECK BOX FOR SEC CLIENT GROUP AS IF FILE IS UPLOAED THEN WE HAVE EVIDENCE?

init int, vpplan, poa, do they need versions or can we use created/modified?

in 1->m client to contract, do I need ersions as if I want to know age at paricular date on a contract I can simply work it out?

is md start and end date the project start and end date ie during ths time they may have been on different contracts so it is higher level thatn contracts,
in can we refer to project as grouping of contracts?

does start date and end date get modified via code?
start date  - does this get set programmatically?

reason for closure on md eg: https://backoffice.shirlie.co.uk/client/home/contactsandlifestyle/main_details?cid=5354

logic when project closed and new one startde

Employment Hrs in main details?

md currently I am showing as status - okay? I presume that this spans all contracts - does this get set programmatically?

need to accept that we will not catch all of exisiting functionality, and will introduce bugs, so he should test

I am not planning to take across svq accessor stuff at mo - ok?
